fix: use prefix for transceiver deployment (#917)
axelarnetwork/axelar-contract-deployments: evm/README.md

Change the `-s SALT` to derive a new address. Production deployments use the release version, e.g. `v1.2.1`.
`proxySalt` is used to derive the same address as a deployment on an existing chain.

## AxelarTransceiver and ERC1967 Proxy Deployment

> Note: You can deploy transceiver for any tokens/chains by providing the appropriate  i.e `--transceiverPrefix`. For deployment purposes, we use `AxelarTransceiver` contract from [library](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/example-wormhole-axelar-wsteth.git). The deployment script save the config under fullname of Transceiver contract (e.g., `LidoAxelarTransceiver`, etc) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You can deploy transceiver for any tokens/chains by providing the appropriate  `--transceiverPrefix`. For deployment purposes, we use `AxelarTransceiver` contract from [library](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/example-wormhole-axelar-wsteth.git). The deployment script saves the config under the full name of Transceiver contract (e.g., `LidoAxelarTransceiver`, etc) 
```

Note: You can deploy transceiver for any tokens/chains by providing the appropriate  i.e `--transceiverPrefix`. For deployment purposes, we use `AxelarTransceiver` contract from [library](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/example-wormhole-axelar-wsteth.git). The deployment script save the config under fullname of Transceiver contract (e.g., `LidoAxelarTransceiver`, etc) 

### Prerequisites

AxelarTransceiver and ERC1967Proxy contract are compiled from the example-wormhole-axelar-wsteth repo. Generate build using the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/example-wormhole-axelar-wsteth.git
forge build --out out --libraries "lib/example-native-token-transfers/evm/src/libraries/TransceiverStructs.sol:TransceiverStructs:<$TRANSCEIVER_STRUCTS_ADDRESS>"
```

- Note: Pre-linked artifacts will be generated, i.e. TransceiverStructs library will be linked. This step is mandatory to deploy AxelarTransceiver contract.

### AxelarTransceiver Deployment

Please ensure you have generated pre-linked artifacts.

Set address of deployed `gmpManager` to the transceiver section in your chain config:

```json
"${PREFIX}AxelarTransceiver": {

>   "gmpManager": "0x..."

Reviewer 2: Better if we move this to the deploy-contract CLI input instead of manually modifying the config JSON

}
```

> To deploy a AxelarTransceiver contract, run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy an AxelarTransceiver contract, run:
```

- Support custom initialization data via `--proxyData` (defaults to "0x")

### Transceiver Post-Deployment Operations

After deploying a transceiver contract, you can perform post-deployment operations using the `axelar-transceiver.ts` script:

```bash
# Initialize the transceiver contract
ts-node evm/axelar-transceiver.ts initialize --artifactPath path/to/example-wormhole-axelar-wsteth/out/ --transceiverPrefix $PREFIX

# Transfer pauser capability to a new address
ts-node evm/axelar-transceiver.ts transfer-pauser 0x... --artifactPath path/to/example-wormhole-axelar-wsteth/out/ --transceiverPrefix $PREFIX

# Set Chain ID mapping
ts-node evm/axelar-transceiver.ts set-axelar-chain-id <WormholeChainId> <AxelarChainName> <TransceiverAddress> --artifactPath path/to/example-wormhole-axelar-wsteth/out/ --transceiverPrefix $PREFIX
```

**Available Operations:**
- **Initialization**: Calls the `initialize()` function on the AxelarTransceiver contract. The script uses regex patterns to find the correct contract in the configuration.
- **Pauser Transfer**: Transfers the pauser capability to a specified address using `transferPauserCapability()`. Requires appropriate permissions.

> - **Chain ID Mapping**: Sets the Axelar chain ID mapping for cross-chain communication.

Reviewer 2: We got the `--help` section of the script
